...
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
...
[eerie whistling]
[dramatic music]
[wings fluttering]
♪ ♪
[engine rumbling]
[insects chirping]
♪ ♪
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
[Man speaking Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
[roars]
[screaming]
[fabric tearing]
[suspenseful music]
[leaves rustling]
[eerie whistling]
[horse neighs]
[Man yells]
♪ ♪
[horse neighs]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[faint whistling]
[horse neighs]
-[Woman roars]
-[Man] Oh!
[Man screaming]
[Woman growls]
[fire roaring]
[leaves rustling]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[Sebastian] Nicky?
Is everything OK?
It's raining ash. Seb.
It's like an omen or something.
It's just someone burning
the sugarcane for the harvest.
People do it around here
all the time.
[sighs] Oh.
OK. Yeah. sorry.
I guess I'm just tired.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
Baby...
I know it's been hard
since Dani died.
These have also been
the worst two years of my life.
I know.
I just--
[sighs]
I just need you to be strong
for a few days.
I need to be there for my mom.
'cause I'm the one that left.
I left them alone. and now--
Hey. you don't have
to worry about me.
I promise. I'm here for you.
♪ ♪
-Love you.
-[Nicole] I love you.
♪ ♪
[light acoustic guitar music]
[indistinct chatter]
[People praying in Spanish]
[Sebastian] Mama.
Ay. mijo.
[both speaking Spanish]
[Sebastian sighs]
[Isabel sighs]
[Nicole] Isabel.
Vicente was an amazing man.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
[Isabel]
At least you finally came down.
[solemn music]
[sighs]
♪ ♪
[speaking Spanish]
[dog whining]
[dog panting]
Chano.
[ominous music]
[solemn music]
[Singer vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[bell tolling]
[Woman speaking Spanish]
[light acoustic guitar music]
♪ ♪
[all speaking Spanish]
[ominous tone]
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[speaking Spanish]
[dramatic music]
[panting]
♪ ♪
[Isabel] Gracias. Petra.
-[Isabel speaking Spanish]
-Thank you.
Gracias. Petra.
My boss. he only
gave me five days off.
Two vets left the clinic.
and we're just swamped.
Mom.
English.
Don't. It's OK.
Isabel. I wish that
my parents spoke Spanish to me.
Now that we're
spending time together.
maybe you could teach me.
Why work for someone there
when you can be in charge here?
Most people dream
of having a place like this.
And Venezuela is better now.
We think it's best
if you come live with us.
I can't believe it.
Throw away the land
that has been in our family
for 150 years?
No. we're not
gonna throw it away.
I'm going to help you sell it.
This is my home.
[Nicole] You can find
a nice home in Austin. Texas.
with a big backyard.
Why would I want a backyard
when I have
thousands of hectares?
You can travel the world.
You can do whatever you want.
But the thing is.
we have to move fast
if we want to get a good price.
Not with squatters
on the property.
What do you mean. squatters?
[Isabel]
They're Marialionceros.
They started doing ceremonies
by the river.
They even built a bridge
and took over the mountain.
What are Marialionceros?
It's just a cult
that believes spirits
will come
and solve their problems.
A cult?
It's pretty common
around here.
Even the president
is a Marialioncero.
-Mm.
-It's bullshit.
But they can't move here.
I mean. can't you
just evict them?
We tried.
but the government
demanded a bribe.
You know how your father was.
He would never.
He thought he could handle it.
but...
he never got a chance.
[ominous tone]
[Nicole]
What's happening?
Two and a half decades
of socialism.
[wind whistling]
[rope creaking]
[wings fluttering]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[clock ticking]
[wings fluttering]
[wood creaking and thudding]
[door creaking]
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[ominous tone]
[dog whining]
Chano.
[dog whines]
Mm.
Missing your papa. huh?
Yeah. I hate to tell you.
It doesn't get any easier.
[Dani on video]
Can I have a dog?
[Nicole on video]
OK. a dog?
You'll get a stuffed dog.
because I cannot take care
of another living creature.
[Sebastian laughs on video]
[Dani on video] Mom. look
what I made for Grandpa.
[Nicole on video]
Oh. oh. this is so beautiful.
It looks like you spent
a lot of time on it.
No wonder you're not asleep.
Oh. goodness.
Well. Abuelo is giving her
a real horse for her birthday.
so she said.
I don't want Abuelo
to feel lonely
when he arrives tomorrow.
so I'm making a horse for him.
-[Nicole on video] A horse?
-Mom. you're still recording.
[Nicole on video]
OK. but just--but just--
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[fire roaring]
[eerie music]
-[dog whimpers]
-[Nicole] Chano!
[dog barking]
♪ ♪
[fire whooshing]
[Petra speaking Spanish]
Petra!
[Nicole]
What are you doing?
Go back.
You're not safe here.
Why?
[Petra] Go back.
[dog whimpers]
[Nicole] Petra.
[fire crackling]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[dog panting]
-[leaves rustling]
-[dog whimpers]
[dog growling]
[eerie whistling]
[dog barks]
[Nicole] Chano!
[whistles]
♪ ♪
[dog barks]
Chano?
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
Chano?
[smooching]
[eerie whistling]
♪ ♪
[soft growling]
[Nicole] Chano.
[faint whistling]
[Isabel screams]
♪ ♪
[door creaks]
[goats bleating.
rooster crowing]
[cow moos]
[Man speaking Spanish]
[somber music]
[Nicole] Chano!
♪ ♪
Chano!
[cleaver thudding]
[Nicole]
Good morning. Petra.
Hey. have you seen Chano?
Last night with you.
Well. yeah. but he ran
after a whistle in the field.
and then he never came out.
It's weird he hasn't
come back to eat. right?
He'll come back
when he gets hungry.
[chicken clucking]
OK. so if you see him.
let me know. all right?
[chicken cawing]
[bones crack]
♪ ♪
[Nicole] Hmm.
[Singer vocalizing]
[eerie whispering]
♪ ♪
I warned Vicente to stay away
from that witchcraft.
No one ever listens to me.
Isabel. I--
I don't want you
to feel like
you're being rushed
into something
that you're not ready for.
No matter how hard it got.
we held on to this place--
for Sebastian.
for your children.
We don't have any children.
For now.
If you keep waiting.
it will be too late.
I don't want another child.
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
I know.
[light acoustic guitar music]
♪ ♪
[Nicole] Chano!
-God.
-[horse neighs]
Chano!
♪ ♪
[dog barking]
Come on.
Chano!
♪ ♪
[water rushing]
[dog barking]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[water rushing]
[bridge creaking]
♪ ♪
[horse whinnies]
[bridge creaking]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[rhythmic drumming]
[Man speaking Spanish]
[singing in Spanish]
♪ ♪
[all singing in Spanish]
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[spits]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[speaking Spanish]
[all speaking Spanish]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[Dani's voice]
Mommy?
♪ ♪
I see you.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[fire roaring]
[cow brays]
[all speaking Spanish]
[horse neighs]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
Oh. shit.
[insects chirping]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
Nicky!
-You OK?
-Yeah.
Yeah.
You are so lucky. Nicole.
We are three hours
from the nearest hospital.
You saw what happened
to Vicente.
I know.
I'm sorry.
[Sebastian clears throat]
That's Dad's spot.
You're the man
of the house now.
Yeah. not quite ready
for that.
Your dad would have been
so happy watching you work here.
[chuckles]
Yeah. well. I'm a bit rusty.
Mm. takes time.
Did you know
we're missing cattle?
I think they were stolen.
What do you mean?
Squatters.
They took our land.
They've been stealing
our power.
Makes sense they would also
take our cattle. right?
-Maybe it was a worker.
-[scoffs]
Our workers are like family.
What if the squatters
had something to do with Dad?
You really think that?
Of course not.
I'm just saying.
we don't know
how dangerous
these people really are.
[knocking]
[Nicole] Hi. Petra.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
And I'm sorry to ask you this.
but are you a Marialioncero?
The seeds you put
on Vicente's eyes.
figures you burn at night
but hide during the day.
what does it all mean?
Please.
I really need to know.
Thank you.
Who is María Lionza?
[Petra] She's our queen.
[Nicole] Is she like God?
[Petra scoffs]
God left us.
María Lionza is the one
who watches us.
She protects us all. even you.
God left me too.
We were all so
sad about Dani.
I heard her today.
[dramatic music]
I saw a ceremony by the river.
You shouldn't go there.
She talked to me. Petra.
I heard her.
I need them to do
another ceremony.
Can you talk to them?
Those people are dangerous.
Then you do a ceremony.
-[Petra] No. I can't.
-[Nicole] Why not?
There's an evil spirit loose.
There cannot be ceremonies
right now.
What kind of evil spirit?
The Whistler.
You heard him
the night Chano disappeared.
If you hear him again.
be careful.
The further you hear him.
the closer he is.
♪ ♪
Here.
What is this?
Protection.
Once you go to ceremony.
doors start to open.
There's evil out there.
Stay home.
♪ ♪
What are you
still doing here?
[sighs] There's just
so much to do. hon.
What's that?
Petra gave it to me.
It's for protección.
Petra?
Well. I'm sure
Petra means well.
But all that María Lionza shit
is snake oil.
OK?
I've seen it before.
They sell you false hope
and then they--
they take away
everything you have for it.
Well. I'm not
drinking the Kool-Aid.
But what if there's
something there?
Something like what?
[somber music]
OK. so don't think I'm crazy.
♪ ♪
I think Dani's
trying to reach me.
♪ ♪
I can't go there right now.
Babe.
I need you.
I need you here with me.
[somber acoustic music]
♪ ♪
I don't know how to do
this without you.
♪ ♪
Love you.
-[Man grunting]
-[leaves rustling]
[eerie whistling]
[Man singing in Spanish
on radio]
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
[leaves rustling]
[eerie whistling]
♪ ♪
[footsteps crunching rapidly]
[faint whistling]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[gasps]
[screaming]
[horse whinnies]
[eerie whispering]
[ominous music]
[Singer vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[eerie music]
[birds chirping]
♪ ♪
Hola?
[faint singing in Spanish]
♪ ♪
[all singing in Spanish]
I just want to talk.
[all clamoring]
[Man speaking Spanish]
[Laureano]
Are you here to run us out?
'Cause we ain't leaving.
No.
No. nothing like that.
I--I need a ceremony.
[speaking Spanish]
They can't do ceremonies now.
Please. I need
to talk to my daughter.
[speaking Spanish]
[Laureano]
He wants to help you.
[Man speaking Spanish]
[Laureano] But Timty.
our medium. is gone.
[Man speaking Spanish]
The Whistler is out there.
The funeral that you saw.
that was the Whistler.
He killed him.
And if they do a ceremony.
he could possess another body.
Isn't there--I don't--
another way
that we can do it?
I could pay whatever it costs.
[Man speaking Spanish]
[speaking Spanish]
[Laureano]
Don't feel the pain.
The faster you accept it.
the faster you get over it.
[somber music]
I can't accept.
See. my daughter. Dani.
she hated going to school.
[Man 2 speaking Spanish]
And that morning.
she said she was sick.
and I didn't believe her.
and so I forced her to go.
Later that day.
the school called me
and said she had a fever.
and you know what I did?
I sent the babysitter.
and they crashed.
My daughter died
scared and alone
and angry with me.
Please.
[speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[speaking Spanish]
[Nicole]
Please.
Please. please
tell him something.
♪ ♪
OK.
[bright acoustic music]
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
[whistling]
-[Man] Yo.
-Hi.
You know there is another way
I can help you. right?
How?
8.000 and nothing less.
Can you guarantee me
it'll work?
[Man] Of course.
You didn't see my daughter
at the ceremony?
She's got the gift.
I'll find the money.
All right.
Be here tomorrow at 3:00.
Make sure to bring something
that belonged to your daughter.
and come alone.
No one can know
we're doing this.
OK.
[sighs]
[birds cawing]
[hooves clopping]
[Nicole] Hey. babe.
[Sebastian] Hey.
Sorry I went out again.
I just--I'm still
looking for Chano.
I found him.
What. he came back?
Nope.
Where is he?
I'll show you.
[tense music]
Babe. this might have been
the squatters.
so no more riding off.
I need you to stay put. OK?
♪ ♪
When were you planning
on telling me?
[Isabel] Tell you what?
How they found my dad.
What are you talking about?
They found my dad
with his insides ripped out.
[suspenseful music]
Just like you saw Chano today.
Did you expect me to tell you
that your father was
eaten by some animal?
[sharp bang]
My father was not eaten
by some animal.
He was murdered.
And you kept it from us
because you knew
that if you told us.
we would never
let you stay here.
You don't know
that's the truth.
Sebastian. you thought
they stole the cows.
and then you found them.
All of them.
And what about Chano?
[sighs]
Mama. is there anything else
you're hiding from me?
How dare you question me.
Sebastian.
when you left us alone?
We sent you to study. and you
were supposed to come back.
We were suffering in a country
that was falling apart.
No electricity. no gasoline.
not even medicine.
[Sebastian]
I told you many times.
I told you both
that you could leave
and you can come with me.
This was our home!
Your father took it all
upon himself. day by day.
And yet only his death
could drag you back here.
[fire crackling]
[ominous music]
[Nicole] Why would
the squatters kill Chano?
[Petra]
This is not the squatters.
Long ago. there was a boy.
He loved to hunt.
He was a natural.
The boy came up with a way
to fool his prey--whistling.
But he had a dark heart.
One night on a hunt. his father
caught him torturing his dog
and beat him.
The next day.
he came back alone
and brought meat home
for his mother to cook.
When she asked him
about his father.
the boy didn't answer.
Then the town found his father
hanging from a tree
with his guts sliced open.
That's when she knew she had
cooked her husband's insides.
They hung the boy
to the same tree
where he tortured his father
and caused him to suffer
until he repented.
but he never did.
They beat him.
but he didn't cry.
They set him on fire.
but he never screamed.
As they watched him burn.
he just whistled.
♪ ♪
Since then. his spirit
is always looking for a body
so he can keep hunting.
♪ ♪
How is he back?
[Singer vocalizing]
The squatters.
They did a ceremony
to invoke him
so they could run us out.
We are not safe here.
not until he's gone.
♪ ♪
[fire crackling]
[Nicole sighs]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[Singer singing in Spanish]
[horn beeping]
-Hi.
[Greisy] Hola.
Mi papa sent me.
Oh.
Oh. you speak English?
Yes.
Mi dad teach me.
And I have to practice.
because we go
to the United States tomorrow.
-Tomorrow?
-Yes.
Mi mama left already.
and we go meet her.
[Nicole] Oh. is that your mom?
She's so beautiful.
She's the best...
[speaking Spanish].
She teach me everything.
Can I ask you. where does
the blood come from?
From Hapitz.
What do you feel when you have
the spirit inside you?
I don't know.
The spirit does everything.
I don't remember anything.
Have you ever had
a bad spirit?
No.
I only do it two times.
Today my third.
Two times?
But it's OK.
[engine revving]
[Men yelling in Spanish]
[crashing]
[cows mooing]
[eerie whistling]
[metallic clattering]
[cows mooing]
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
[faint whistling]
[cow moos]
♪ ♪
[faint whistling]
[yells]
[groaning]
[cows mooing]
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
[water rushing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[bridge clattering]
[water splashing]
[people yelling]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Did you bring the money?
Yeah.
Where is the rest?
You'll get it at the end.
Come on.
I'm risking
my daughter's life for you.
You got it. right?
OK. well. how do I know
I can trust you?
Listen. Greisy's mother
was pissed about living here.
so she left to the United States
without saying anything.
I need to find her for Greisy.
You get to talk
to your daughter.
and I'll get mine
a better life.
Come on.
Hmm?
Go inside.
Careful your head.
-[Nicole] OK.
-All right.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
You have to be open.
[smooches]
♪ ♪
Aroa?
[door clangs]
[flies buzzing]
♪ ♪
[Laureano]
Did you bring something
that belonged to your daughter?
Yeah.
♪ ♪
[singing in Spanish]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[person choking]
[Nicole coughing]
[spits]
Come on. More smoke over here.
[coughing]
[Singer vocalizing]
Please don't burn that.
We have to call the spirit.
♪ ♪
-[spits]
-[whimpers]
[speaking Spanish]
[spits. speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
[bottle shatters]
[gurgling]
♪ ♪
-[speaking Spanish]
-No. what are you doing?
We're gonna have
to force the spirit to come.
But she said the spirit
brings the blood.
Yeah. but we don't have
enough time for that.
♪ ♪
[Laureano and Nicole
speaking Spanish]
[screams]
[Nicole speaking Spanish]
[Laureano and Nicole
speaking Spanish]
[growls]
[screams]
Ah. don't touch.
[whimpering]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[whimpers]
[speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
Dani?
[Dani's voice]
Mommy?
Hey. bud.
How are you. Mommy?
♪ ♪
[Nicole] I missed you so much.
[Dani] Mama.
Something's wrong.
♪ ♪
[Nicole] What's happening?
Honey. are you OK?
[Laureano] Greisy?
[Nicole] Dani?
Greisy?
Greisy.
-Greisy?
-Where is she?
[Laureano] Greisy!
Where is she?
[eerie whistling]
Is that it?
[faint whistling]
It's leaving.
-[yells]
-[gasps]
♪ ♪
[Laureano screaming]
[water splashing]
♪ ♪
[fly buzzes]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[Man sobs]
[metallic clattering]
Where's Nicole?
If she comes--
Stop!
Stop. stop. stop!
Go back home.
-We're at war.
-You have to go back.
They attacked us again.
This time. they killed Aroa.
No. it wasn't them.
It was the Whistler.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
No. I saw--I saw it possess
a girl and kill Laureano.
Who the fuck is Laureano?
He was helping me do a ceremony
so I could talk to Dani.
Stop!
You invoked my daughter
in some bullshit ceremony
with the people
that killed my father?
I needed to talk to her.
Dani is dead!
Deal with it!
But I talked to her.
It's always about you. right?
[Nicole]
No. it's not about me.
Go!
-It's not about me!
-[Sebastian] Let's go!
[Nicole] Sebastian!
No. wait!
You can't go!
Dario. please.
Please. stop!
Fuck!
Isabel!
Oh. my God.
What happened?
Listen. we're in danger.
I can't believe
they killed Aroa.
-No.
-We have to prepare.
No. it's not the squatters.
It's the Whistler.
That's a legend. Nicole.
No. I saw it take over
a body and kill a man.
Please.
Honey. you're not
making any sense.
Listen to me.
It's real. and it's my fault.
No. no. no. no. no.
Sit down.
I wanted to communicate
with Dani. so I did a ceremony.
And I know this is gonna
sound crazy. but it worked.
I heard her voice.
and then something happened.
There was a whistle.
and then everything went wrong.
[Isabel] You can't keep
punishing yourself.
You were a good mom.
No. you're not
listening to me.
I am.
If I lost Sebastian...
No.
I don't know
what I would have done.
But life is not
what you should have done.
It's--it's about
how you keep living.
You have to fight
for your family.
Uh-huh.
[Isabel] Come on.
♪ ♪
It's gonna be OK.
[Petra chanting]
[fire roaring]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[fire roaring]
[Nicole] We need to get
Sebastian and everybody else
out of the farm.
[object bangs]
[dull thudding]
[Isabel] Get out!
-[speaking Spanish]
-[Nicole] Go. go. go.
-[Isabel] Get out!
-Go. go. go. go.
Go.
Go. go. go.
[door creaks]
[Isabel] Oh. fuck.
Every single time they burn
the cane. the animals go crazy.
[faint whistling]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
We have squatters
inside the house.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's the Whistler.
We have to go towards it.
Come on.
There's--there's a gun
in the safe.
No. no. no.
♪ ♪
[eerie whistling]
It's OK.
-[sharp bang]
-[gasps]
Shh. Go. go. go.
♪ ♪
[tense music]
[Nicole]
We'll go this way.
Go this way.
♪ ♪
Hold that.
-[horn beeping]
-[Nicole] OK.
OK. it's OK.
Let's go.
[faint whistling]
[Isabel whimpers]
[horn beeping]
[faint whistling]
Let's go.
♪ ♪
Get in the car!
-[Isabel gasps] What is that?
-[Nicole] Get in!
-Run!
-[sharp bang]
[screaming]
♪ ♪
Isabel?
[faint whistling]
♪ ♪
Hey.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Hey. Dario.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[banging]
Petra!
-[banging]
-Petra!
[door creaks]
Petra!
♪ ♪
Petra?
[beads rattling]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[eerie whispering]
[unsettling music]
♪ ♪
[suspenseful music]
Put it back.
Why do you have this?
It's to protect your family.
Stop lying.
Vicente.
He couldn't make
the squatters leave.
He just wanted to scare them.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
He asked me for help.
You summoned the Whistler.
♪ ♪
[crying]
[yelling in Spanish]
[roars]
It was wrong. but it's over.
I burned the body.
We are safe.
The Whistler cannot live
without a body.
-What body?
-[Petra] The squatter.
Was it a girl?
Was it Greisy?
[Petra] A woman.
Timty.
♪ ♪
You killed her mother?
Oh. my God.
♪ ♪
I did a ceremony
trying to reach Dani.
and I think it took over
that girl's body.
It's all my fault.
♪ ♪
[eerie whistling]
[leaves rustling]
[Nicole] All right.
There has to be
something that we can do.
Petra. please get up!
Please help me.
[Petra] We have to kill
the body it's in.
No. her mother and father
are dead because of us.
We cannot kill Greisy.
Oh. God.
She's just a kid.
We have to kill the body.
or he will kill us.
What if--what if we
offer it a new body.
like we did earlier with Greisy.
Who?
My body.
-No. no. no.
-[Nicole] Yes. please.
-[Petra] No. no. no.
-[Nicole] Please. Petra. please.
It's my fault she's possessed.
Once he takes your body.
he will make you do
the most horrible things
you can imagine.
Then you'll have to kill me.
You will lose your soul.
My soul died when Dani died.
[insects chirping]
[faint whistling]
[gunshot]
[Dario grunts]
[faint whistling]
-[yelps]
-[grunting]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[gurgling]
[groans]
[screams]
♪ ♪
[coughing]
[fire crackling]
[Petra]
He will try to trick us.
Stick to the plan
no matter what happens.
What if he doesn't come?
As soon as the fire
touches the knife.
he'll do everything
to get it back.
Are you ready?
Repeat after me.
[speaking Spanish]
Keep saying.
♪ ♪
[panting]
[gate creaks]
[eerie whistling]
♪ ♪
[unsettling music]
[speaking Spanish]
[distant scream]
♪ ♪
[gate creaks]
[speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
[Whistler growls]
[gate clangs]
[screams]
[speaking Spanish]
What are you doing?
[Petra]
We have to end it now.
Oh!
Petra!
[growls]
♪ ♪
[Sebastian] Nicky!
Move.
No. Seb. don't shoot!
That thing killed Dario
and my mother.
Seb. please trust me.
I can save her.
I can
save her.
She's just a girl.
[all chanting in Spanish]
[screams]
[chanting continues]
Nicky!
What are you doing?
Nicole. babe.
Open the door.
I believe in you.
We can fix this.
We can fix this together.
Please. no.
No. what are you doing?
What are you doing? No!
No. no. no. no!
-Sorry.
-[Sebastian] No!
No. please don't do that!
Please--please don't.
Nicky!
Nicky. no!
-[screeches]
-Please don't. babe. Wait!
-[banging]
-No!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
No!
No! No!
Nicky! Nicky!
[banging]
[sobs]
No! No!
[banging]
Nicky!
[sobbing]
[somber music]
[speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[coughing]
[Sebastian] OK.
Nicky.
Nicky. come on.
Come on. babe.
I can't do this without you.
Come on.
Come on. please.
♪ ♪
Come on. baby.
Come on.
♪ ♪
[gasping]
[all speaking Spanish]
[Sebastian] Come on. Nicky.
[unsettling music]
[muffled chanting]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
Howdy. Mom.
Dani.
Don't be sad.
Oh. Hi.
I missed you so much.
I missed you too.
Please. please don't be sad.
I'm not sad.
These are happy tears.
See?
I'm so sorry I didn't
pick you up from school.
I'm so sorry.
I'm not mad.
Really?
Why would I be mad at you?
You're my mother.
I love you.
I love you. too. so much.
So much.
♪ ♪
[Dani] Now take care
of Papa. OK?
[ominous music]
[gasping. gagging]
I'm here.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
[sobbing]
[sniffling]
[soft music]
♪ ♪
[sawing buzzing.
hammer banging]
[both speaking Spanish]
[Sebastian] Hey.
OK. I know arepas
are the shit here.
but wait till they try
my burritos.
[Sebastian]
You make a mean burrito.
[water rushing]
[all speaking Spanish]
[eerie whistling]
[soft acoustic music]
♪ ♪
[Singer singing in Spanish]